
Binding Action

Mechanism

Translation

antibiotic/*mycin



_______________________________

Binding and Action of Amino Acid Analogs of Chloramphenicol upon the Bacterial Ribosome.

A general mechanism of ribosome dimerization revealed by single-particle cryo-electron microscopy.

Structure of EF-G-ribosome complex in a pretranslocation state.

Cryo-EM structure of the large subunit of the spinach chloroplast ribosome.

Structural insight into the role of the ribosomal tunnel in cellular regulation

A steric block in translation caused by the antibiotic spectinomycin.

Recycling of Aborted Ribosomal 50S Subunit-Nascent Chain-tRNA Complexes by the Heat Shock Protein Hsp15.

Drug Sensing by the Ribosome Induces Translational Arrest via Active Site Perturbation.

The final step of 40S ribosomal subunit maturation is controlled by a dual key lock.

Structural analysis of kasugamycin inhibition of translation

Modular assembly of the nucleolar pre-60S ribosomal subunit.
Structural Visualization of the Formation and Activation of the 50S Ribosomal Subunit during In Vitro Reconstitution.

An open interface in the pre-80S ribosome coordinated by ribosome assembly factors Tsr1 and Dim1 enables temporal regulation of Fap7.

Blasticidin S inhibits translation by trapping deformed tRNA on the ribosome.

Negamycin binds to the wall of the nascent chain exit tunnel of the 50S ribosomal subunit.

The complete structure of the 55S mammalian mitochondrial ribosome.

Molecular architecture of the 90S small subunit pre-ribosome.

RsgA couples the maturation state of the 30S ribosomal decoding center to activation of its GTPase pocket.

Structure of a human cap-dependent 48S translation pre-initiation complex.

Ribosome heterogeneity in Drosophila melanogaster gonads through paralog-switching.

Structure of the Maturing 90S Pre-ribosome in Association with the RNA Exosome.

High-resolution crystal structures of ribosome-bound chloramphenicol and erythromycin provide the ultimate basis for their competition.

Structure of a purine-purine wobble base pair in the decoding center of the ribosome.

EDF1 coordinates cellular responses to ribosome collisions.

Interconnected assembly factors regulate the biogenesis of mitoribosomal large subunit.

Dynamic RNA acetylation revealed by quantitative cross-evolutionary mapping.

Cryo-EM structure of the ribosome-SecYE complex in the membrane environment.

Pseudouridinylation of mRNA coding sequences alters translation.

Decoding in the absence of a codon by tmRNA and SmpB in the ribosome.

Crystal structures of EF-G-ribosome complexes trapped in intermediate states of translocation.

The initiation of mammalian protein synthesis and mRNA scanning mechanism.

Initiation of Translation by Cricket Paralysis Virus Ires Requires its Translocation in the Ribosome.

Inhibition of peptide bond formation by pleuromutilins: the structure of the 50S ribosomal subunit from Deinococcus radiodurans in complex with tiamulin.

Insights Into Translational Termination from the Structure of Rf2 Bound to the Ribosome.

The universally conserved GTPase HflX is an RNA helicase that restores heat-damagedEscherichia coliribosomes.

The intrinsically disordered domain of the antitoxin Phd chaperones the toxin Doc against irreversible inactivation and misfolding

Ensemble cryo-EM elucidates the mechanism of translation fidelity.

Disruption of evolutionarily correlated tRNA elements impairs accurate decoding.
Binding and Action of Triphenylphosphonium Analog of Chloramphenicol upon the Bacterial Ribosome.

Cryo-EM structure of 90S preribosome with inactive Utp24 (state A2)

Crystal Structure of 30S ribosomal subunit from Thermus thermophilus in complex with Sisomicin

A synthetic antibiotic scaffold effective against multidrug-resistant bacterial pathogens

Structural basis for the control of translation initiation during stress.

Structural and mechanistic basis for translation inhibition by macrolide and ketolide antibiotics.

Mechanism of ribosome rescue by alternative ribosome-rescue factor B.

Crystal structure of the Thermus thermophilus 30S ribosomal subunit

Study of the structural dynamics of the E. coli 70S ribosome using real space refinement

Structure of Bipa in GTP Form Bound to the Ratcheted Ribosome.

Structural basis for the antibacterial activity of the 12-membered-ring mono-sugar macrolide methymycin

The Binding Mode of the Trigger Factor on the Ribosome: Implications for Protein Folding and SRP Interaction

Crystallographic characterization of the ribosomal binding site and molecular mechanism of action of Hygromycin A.

Folding pathway of an Ig domain is conserved on and off the ribosome.

Formation of the first peptide bond: the structure of EF-P bound to the 70S ribosome.

Structures of MLSBK antibiotics bound to mutated large ribosomal subunits provide a structural explanation for resistance.

Thermophile 89S Pre-ribosome Structures Reveal the Reverse Order of Co-transcriptional 18S rRNA Subdomain Integration.

Structures of ribosome-bound initiation factor 2 reveal the mechanism of subunit association.

Translational regulation via L11: molecular switches on the ribosome turned on and off by thiostrepton and micrococcin.

Structure of the chloroplast ribosome with chl-RRF and hibernation-promoting factor.

The crystal structure of the bacteria-specific L17 ribosomal protein from Thermus thermophilus.

Control of ribosomal subunit rotation by elongation factor G.

A Structural Basis for Restricted Codon Recognition Mediated by 2-thiocytidine in tRNA Containing a Wobble Position Inosine.

TTC5 mediates autoregulation of tubulin via mRNA degradation.

Crystal Structure of the Human Ribosome in Complex with DENR-MCT-1.

Modified Uridines with C5-Methylene Substituents at the First Position of the tRNA Anticodon Stabilize U.G Wobble Pairing During Decoding.

Structure and dynamics of the Mammalian ribosomal pretranslocation complex.

Structures of translationally inactive mammalian ribosomes.

Structure of Erm-modified 70S ribosome reveals the mechanism of macrolide resistance.

Structural insights into mRNA reading frame regulation by tRNA modification and slippery codon-anticodon pairing.

Selective inhibition of human translation termination by a drug-like compound.

Mechanism of ribosome stalling during translation of a poly(A) tail.

Analysis of subunit folding contribution of three yeast large ribosomal subunit proteins required for stabilisation and processing of intermediate nuclear rRNA precursors.

Structure of functionally activated small ribosomal subunit at 3.3 angstroms resolution.

Ribosome-dependent activation of stringent control.

Mechanism of ribosome rescue by ArfA and RF2.

Negamycin induces translational stalling and miscoding by binding to the small subunit head domain of the Escherichia coli ribosome.

Structures of the ribosome in intermediate States of ratcheting.

Ribosome protection by antibiotic resistance ATP-binding cassette protein.

Cryo-EM structure of the hibernating Thermus thermophilus 100S ribosome reveals a protein-mediated dimerization mechanism.

Nonstructural Protein 1 of SARS-CoV-2 Is a Potent Pathogenicity Factor Redirecting Host Protein Synthesis Machinery toward Viral RNA.

Translational operator of mRNA on the ribosome: how repressor proteins exclude ribosome binding.

Crystal structure of the ribosome at 5.5 A resolution

A Peptide Deformylase-Ribosome Complex Reveals Mechanism of Nascent Chain Processing.

The structure of the ribosome with elongation factor G trapped in the posttranslocational state.

Structure and Assembly Pathway of the Ribosome Quality Control Complex.

Atomic resolution snapshot of Leishmania ribosome inhibition by the aminoglycoside paromomycin.

Structural insight into the antibiotic action of telithromycin against resistant mutants

Hflx is a Ribosome Splitting Factor Rescuing Stalled Ribosomes Under Stress Conditions

The stringent factor RelA adopts an open conformation on the ribosome to stimulate ppGpp synthesis.

Molecular basis for erythromycin-dependent ribosome stalling during translation of the ErmBL leader peptide.

An ER translocon for multi-pass membrane protein biogenesis.

Structural Basis for the Function of a Small Gtpase Rsga on the 30S Ribosomal Subunit Maturation Revealed by Cryoelectron Microscopy.

Structural Insights into the Roles of Water and the 2' Hydroxyl of the P Site tRNA in the Peptidyl Transferase Reaction.
Elongation arrest by SecM via a cascade of ribosomal RNA rearrangements
Harnessing evolutionarily flexibility in tRNAs to maximize nonsense suppression activities
Tightly-orchestrated rearrangements govern catalytic center assembly of the ribosome.
Ribosome rearrangements at the onset of translational bypassing.
A distinct assembly pathway of the human 39S late pre-mitoribosome.
cryoEM-Guided Development of Antibiotics for Drug-Resistant Bacteria.
The structural basis for release-factor activation during translation termination revealed by time-resolved cryogenic electron microscopy.
Human tRNA(Lys3)(UUU) Is Pre-Structured by Natural Modifications for Cognate and Wobble Codon Binding through Keto-Enol Tautomerism.
Novel base-pairing interactions at the tRNA wobble position crucial for accurate reading of the genetic code.
Structural Basis for Linezolid Binding Site Rearrangement in the Staphylococcus aureus Ribosome.
Defining the mRNA recognition signature of a bacterial toxin protein.
The central role of protein S12 in organizing the structure of the decoding site of the ribosome.
Discovery of C13-Aminobenzoyl Cycloheximide Derivatives that Potently Inhibit Translation Elongation.
Structures of the orthosomycin antibiotics avilamycin and evernimicin in complex with the bacterial 70S ribosome.
Structure of ribosome-bound azole-modified peptide phazolicin rationalizes its species-specific mode of bacterial translation inhibition.
Cryo-EM structure of 90 S small ribosomal subunit precursors in transition states.
Concerted removal of the Erb1-Ytm1 complex in ribosome biogenesis relies on an elaborate interface.
Co-produced natural ketolides methymycin and pikromycin inhibit bacterial growth by preventing synthesis of a limited number of proteins.
Controlling orthogonal ribosome subunit interactions enables evolution of new function.
Structure of the 70S ribosome complexed with mRNA and tRNA.
Structural insights of lincosamides targeting the ribosome of Staphylococcus aureus.
Amicoumacin A induces cancer cell death by targeting the eukaryotic ribosome.
Structure of a mitochondrial ribosome with minimal RNA
Crystal Structure of the Eukaryotic 40S Ribosomal Subunit in Complex with Initiation Factor 1.
Allosteric control of the ribosome by small-molecule antibiotics.
Structural basis for the rescue of stalled ribosomes: structure of YaeJ bound to the ribosome.
Tetracenomycin X inhibits translation by binding within the ribosomal exit tunnel.
Chemically related 4,5-linked aminoglycoside antibiotics drive subunit rotation in opposite directions.
Structures of the Escherichia coli ribosome with antibiotics bound near the peptidyl transferase center explain spectra of drug action.
Structure of the 40S-ABCE1 post-splitting complex in ribosome recycling and translation initiation.
Inhibition of mitochondrial translation suppresses glioblastoma stem cell growth.
HCV IRES Captures an Actively Translating 80S Ribosome.
Structural insights into assembly of the ribosomal nascent polypeptide exit tunnel.
Comprehensive molecular structure of the eukaryotic ribosome.
Cryo-EM structure of the ribosome functional complex of the human pathogen Staphylococcus aureus at 3.2 angstrom resolution.
Conformational Changes of Elongation Factor G on the Ribosome during tRNA Translocation.
Spontaneous ribosomal translocation of mRNA and tRNAs into a chimeric hybrid state.
Structures of the scanning and engaged states of the mammalian SRP-ribosome complex.
N(6)-methyladenosine in mRNA disrupts tRNA selection and translation-elongation dynamics.
Structure of the human mitochondrial ribosome-EF-G2 complex with mtRRF(ClassI)
Structural dynamics of protein S1 on the 70S ribosome visualized by ensemble cryo-EM.
Structures of Yeast 80S Ribosome-tRNA Complexes in the Rotated and Nonrotated Conformations.
Mechanism of tRNA-mediated +1 ribosomal frameshifting.
Translational Regulation Via L11: Molecular Switches on the Ribosome Turned on and Off by Thiostrepton and Micrococcin.
The Ribosomal Protein uL22 Modulates the Shape of the Protein Exit Tunnel.
Structural Basis for Polyproline-Mediated Ribosome Stalling and Rescue by the Translation Elongation Factor EF-P.
Functionally distinct roles for eEF2K in the control of ribosome availability and p-body abundance
Structure and function of yeast Lso2 and human CCDC124 bound to hibernating ribosomes.
Structural insights into the role of rRNA modifications in protein synthesis and ribosome assembly.
Differences in structure and hibernation mechanism highlight diversification of the microsporidian ribosome.
Structural changes enable start codon recognition by the eukaryotic translation initiation complex.
60S ribosome biogenesis requires rotation of the 5S ribonucleoprotein particle.
3.4 angstrom cryo-EM structure of yeast 90S small subunit preribosome
Sarecycline interferes with tRNA accommodation and tethers mRNA to the 70S ribosome.
A Structural Model for the Large Subunit of the Mammalian Mitochondrial Ribosome
Structure of the yeast mitochondrial large ribosomal subunit.
The Complete Structure of the Large Subunit of the Mammalian Mitochondrial Ribosome
Initiation of translation in bacteria by a structured eukaryotic IRES RNA.
Structural basis for the inhibition of the eukaryotic ribosome.
A conserved rRNA switch is central to decoding site maturation on the small ribosomal subunit.
Crystal Structure of a 70S Ribosome-tRNA Complex Reveals Functional Interactions and Rearrangements
Cryo-EM Determination of Eravacycline-Bound Structures of the Ribosome and the Multidrug Efflux Pump AdeJ of Acinetobacter baumannii.
Architecture of the 90S Pre-ribosome: A Structural View on the Birth of the Eukaryotic Ribosome.
Escherichia coli NusG Links the Lead Ribosome with the Transcription Elongation Complex.
Translational termination without a stop codon.
Regulation of the protein-conducting channel by a bound ribosome.
Promiscuous behaviour of archaeal ribosomal proteins: Implications for eukaryotic ribosome evolution.
Mechanism of membrane-tethered mitochondrial protein synthesis.
Decoding Mammalian Ribosome-mRNA States by Translational GTPase Complexes.
Energy barriers and driving forces in tRNA translocation through the ribosome.
How Hibernation Factors RMF, HPF, and YfiA Turn Off Protein Synthesis.
Structural basis for ribosome recycling by RRF and tRNA.
Structures and dynamics of hibernating ribosomes from Staphylococcus aureus mediated by intermolecular interactions of HPF.
Cryo-Em Structure of the Archaeal 50S Ribosomal Subunit in Complex with Initiation Factor 6 and Implications for Ribosome Evolution
The antibiotic thermorubin inhibits protein synthesis by binding to inter-subunit bridge b2a of the ribosome.
Structural characterization of ribosome recruitment and translocation by type IV IRES.
Bacterial ribosome heterogeneity: Changes in ribosomal protein composition during transition into stationary growth phase.
Structures of Five Antibiotics Bound at the Peptidyl Transferase Center of 
the Large Ribosomal Subunit
The Structures of Antibiotics Bound to the E Site Region of the 50 S Ribosomal Subunit of Haloarcula marismortui: 13-Deoxytedanolide and Girodazole.
Structural insights into the function of a unique tandem GTPase EngA in bacterial ribosome assembly
Elongation factor G bound to the ribosome in an intermediate state of translocation.
Peptide Inhibitors of Bacterial Protein Synthesis with Broad Spectrum and SbmA-Independent Bactericidal Activity against Clinical Pathogens.
Cryo-EM structure of Mycobacterium smegmatis ribosome reveals two unidentified ribosomal proteins close to the functional centers.
Cryo-Em of Ribosomal 80S Complexes with Termination Factors Reveals the Translocated Cricket Paralysis Virus Ires.
Staphylococcus aureus 30S ribosomal subunit in presence of spermidine
Structures of deacylated tRNA mimics bound to the E site of the large ribosomal subunit
Structures of the human and Drosophila 80S ribosome.
Structure of the E. coli ribosome-EF-Tu complex at <3 angstrom resolution by Cs-corrected cryo-EM.
Recognition of the amber UAG stop codon by release factor RF1.
2.8- angstrom Cryo-EM Structure of the Large Ribosomal Subunit from the Eukaryotic Parasite Leishmania.
Structural basis for +1 ribosomal frameshifting during EF-G-catalyzed translocation.
Design at the atomic level: design of biaryloxazolidinones as potent orally active antibiotics.
Good Vibrations: Structural Remodeling of Maturing Yeast Pre-40S Ribosomal Particles Followed by Cryo-Electron Microscopy.
Dissecting the in vivo assembly of the 30S ribosomal subunit reveals the role of RimM and general features of the assembly process
trans-Translation inhibitors bind to a novel site on the ribosome and clear Neisseria gonorrhoeae in vivo.
Unusual base pairing during the decoding of a stop codon by the ribosome.
Structure of the Bacillus subtilis 70S ribosome reveals the basis for species-specific stalling.
Structural basis for selective stalling of human ribosome nascent chain complexes by a drug-like molecule.
The complete structure of the chloroplast 70S ribosome in complex with translation factor pY.
Exit tunnel modulation as resistance mechanism of S. aureus erythromycin resistant mutant.
Structural characterization of mRNA-tRNA translocation intermediates.
Avilamycin and evernimicin induce structural changes in rProteins uL16 and CTC that enhance the inhibition of A-site tRNA binding.
The pathway to GTPase activation of elongation factor SelB on the ribosome.
Ciliate mitoribosome illuminates evolutionary steps of mitochondrial translation.
Ribosome•RelA structures reveal the mechanism of stringent response activation.
Cryo-EM study of the spinach chloroplast ribosome reveals the structural and functional roles of plastid-specific ribosomal proteins
Structural basis of the ribosomal machinery for Peptide bond formation, 
translocation, and nascent chain progression
Structural basis of transcription-translation coupling.
Architecture of the Large Subunit of the Mammalian Mitochondrial Ribosome.
Molecular Basis for the Ribosome Functioning as an L-Tryptophan Sensor.
Translational initiation factor eIF5 replaces eIF1 on the 40S ribosomal subunit to promote start-codon recognition.
Structural basis of l-tryptophan-dependent inhibition of release factor 2 by the TnaC arrest peptide.
Large-Scale Movements of IF3 and tRNA during Bacterial Translation Initiation.
Interactions and dynamics of the Shine Dalgarno helix in the 70S ribosome.
Structural basis for potent inhibitory activity of the antibiotic tigecycline during protein synthesis.
EF4 disengages the peptidyl-tRNA CCA end and facilitates back-translocation on the 70S ribosome
Structure of the base of the L7/L12 stalk of the Haloarcula marismortui large ribosomal subunit: Analysis of L11 movements
Structural insight into nascent polypeptide chain-mediated translational stalling.
Conformational proofreading of distant 40S ribosomal subunit maturation events by a long-range communication mechanism.
The cryo-EM structure of hibernating 100S ribosome dimer from pathogenic Staphylococcus aureus.
Structures of Mlsbk Antibiotics Bound to Mutated Large Ribosomal Subunits Provide a Structural Explanation for Resistance.
Crystal Structures of the Ribosome in Complex with Release Factors RF1 and RF2 Bound to a Cognate Stop Codon.
Structure of the mammalian antimicrobial peptide Bac7(1-16) bound within the exit tunnel of a bacterial ribosome.
Structural mechanism of GTPase-powered ribosome-tRNA movement.
Dissecting the in vivo assembly of the 30S ribosomal subunit reveals the role of RimM and general features of the assembly process.
Large-scale movement of eIF3 domains during translation initiation modulate start codon selection.
The complex of tmRNA-SmpB and EF-G on translocating ribosomes.
Following the Signal Sequence from Ribosomal Tunnel Exit to Signal Recognition Particle
X-ray crystal structures of the WT and a hyper-accurate ribosome from Escherichia coli
Role of Era in assembly and homeostasis of the ribosomal small subunit.
Cryo-electron microscopy structure of the 70S ribosome from Enterococcus faecalis.
Structure of the Mammalian 80S Initiation Complex with Eif5B on Hcv Ires
Mitoribosomal small subunit biogenesis in trypanosomes involves an extensive assembly machinery.
Cryo-Em Structure of Hepatitis C Virus Ires Bound to the Human Ribosome at 3.9 Angstrom Resolution
Structural and mutational analysis of the ribosome-arresting human XBP1u.
Structure of the 70S Ribosome from the Human Pathogen Acinetobacter baumannii in Complex with Clinically Relevant Antibiotics.
mRNA bound to the 30S subunit is a HigB toxin substrate.
Structural basis for ArfA-RF2-mediated translation termination on mRNAs lacking stop codons.
Structure of the 70S ribosome from human pathogen Staphylococcus aureus.
Mimicry of Canonical Translation Elongation Underlies Alanine Tail Synthesis in RQC.
The 3D arrangement of the 23 S and 5 S rRNA in the Escherichia coli 50 S ribosomal subunit based on a cryo-electron microscopic reconstruction at 7.5 A resolution.
Mefloquine targets the Plasmodium falciparum 80S ribosome to inhibit protein synthesis.
Structure of a hibernating 100S ribosome reveals an inactive conformation of the ribosomal protein S1.
Mechanism of completion of peptidyltransferase centre assembly in eukaryotes.
The Structural Basis for Specific Decoding of Aua by Isoleucine tRNA on the Ribosome
Structure of the Escherichia coli ribosomal termination complex with release factor 2
Interactions of designer antibiotics and the bacterial ribosome aminoacyl-tRNA site
Molecular analysis of the ribosome recycling factor ABCE1 bound to the 30S post-splitting complex.
Crystal Structure of the Eukaryotic 60S Ribosomal Subunit in Complex with Initiation Factor 6.
Bactobolin A Binds to a Site on the 70S Ribosome Distinct from Previously Seen Antibiotics.
Klebsazolicin inhibits 70S ribosome by obstructing the peptide exit tunnel.
Structure of Dirithromycin Bound to the Bacterial Ribosome Suggests New Ways for Rational Improvement of Macrolides.
Assessment of the nucleotide modifications in the high-resolution cryo-electron microscopy structure of the Escherichia coli 50S subunit.
None
The molecular mechanism of cotranslational membrane protein recognition and targeting by SecA.
Diverse roles of assembly factors revealed by structures of late nuclear pre-60S ribosomes
Evolutionary shift toward protein-based architecture in trypanosomal mitochondrial ribosomes.
Structural basis for translation termination on the 70S ribosome
The Mechanism for Activation of GTP Hydrolysis on the Ribosome.
Structural basis for late maturation steps of the human mitoribosomal large subunit.
Insights into substrate stabilization from snapshots of the peptidyl transferase center of the intact 70S ribosome.
Mechanism of endonuclease cleavage by the HigB toxin.
A new tRNA intermediate revealed on the ribosome during EF4-mediated back-translocation
Blasticidin S inhibits mammalian translation and enhances production of protein encoded by nonsense mRNA.
Mechanism for Expanding the Decoding Capacity of Transfer Rnas by Modification of Uridines
Molecular Architecture of the Ribosome-Bound Hepatitis C Virus Internal Ribosomal Entry Site RNA.
Revisiting the structures of several antibiotics bound to the bacterial ribosome.
The Israeli acute paralysis virus IRES captures host ribosomes by mimicking a ribosomal state with hybrid tRNAs.
Alternative conformations and motions adopted by 30S ribosomal subunits visualized by cryo-electron microscopy.
Structural basis for interaction of the ribosome with the switch regions of GTP-bound elongation factors.
Molecular insights into protein synthesis with proline residues.
Solution structure of the E. coli 70S ribosome at 11.5 A resolution.
Structures of the human mitochondrial ribosome bound to EF-G1 reveal distinct features of mitochondrial translation elongation.
A combined cryo-EM and molecular dynamics approach reveals the mechanism of ErmBL-mediated translation arrest.
Crystal Structure of the 70S Ribosome Bound with the Q253P Mutant Form of Release Factor RF2.
Elongation factor 4 remodels the A-site tRNA on the ribosome.
A pre-translocational intermediate in protein synthesis observed in crystals of enzymatically active 50S subunits.
Peptidyl-CCA deacylation on the ribosome promoted by induced fit and the O3'-hydroxyl group of A76 of the unacylated A-site tRNA.
Characterization of the Core Ribosomal Binding Region for the Oxazolidone Family of Antibiotics Using Cryo-EM.
Structure of the Mammalian ribosome-sec61 complex to 3.4 a resolution.
Conformational Control of Translation Termination on the 70S Ribosome.
Visualizing late states of human 40S ribosomal subunit maturation.
Following the signal sequence from ribosomal tunnel exit to signal recognition particle.
Mechanism of premature translation termination on a sense codon.
Crystal structure of release factor RF3 trapped in the GTP state on a rotated conformation of the ribosome.
Zinc depletion induces ribosome hibernation in mycobacteria.
Cryo-EM structure of 90S small ribosomal precursors complex with Dhr1
Ribosome-Srp-Ftsy Cotranslational Targeting Complex in the Closed State.
Odilorhabdins, Antibacterial Agents that Cause Miscoding by Binding at a New Ribosomal Site.
Molecular architecture of a eukaryotic translational initiation complex.
mRNA stem-loops can pause the ribosome by hindering A-site tRNA binding.
The antibiotic kasugamycin mimics mRNA nucleotides to destabilize tRNA binding and inhibit canonical translation initiation.
Insights into the improved macrolide inhibitory activity from the high-resolution cryo-EM structure of dirithromycin bound to theE. coli70S ribosome.
Conserved heterodimeric GTPase Rbg1/Tma46 promotes efficient translation in eukaryotic cells.
Structures of Trnas with an Expanded Anticodon Loop in the Decoding Center of the 30S Ribosomal Subunit.
How Mutations in tRNA Distant from the Anticodon Affect the Fidelity of Decoding.
Reorganization of an intersubunit bridge induced by disparate 16S ribosomal ambiguity mutations mimics an EF-Tu-bound state.
The antibiotics dityromycin and GE82832 bind protein S12 and block EF-G-catalyzed translocation.
Structures of the E. coli translating ribosome with SRP and its receptor and with the translocon
Structure of Gcn1 bound to stalled and colliding 80S ribosomes.
Ribosome-induced changes in elongation factor Tu conformation control GTP hydrolysis
Insights Into Substrate Stabilization from Snapshots of the Peptidyl Transferase Center of the Intact 70S Ribosome
Structure of the 30S ribosomal subunit.
The path of messenger RNA through the ribosome.
The structural basis for the action of the antibiotics tetracycline, pactamycin, and hygromycin B on the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Structural robustness of the ribosome inferred from X-ray crystal structures of the 30S ribosomal subunit and the 70S ribosome lacking ribosomal protein uS17
Structural insights into cognate versus near-cognate discrimination during decoding.
Nucleolar maturation of the human small subunit processome.
Crystal structure of 70S ribosome with both cognate tRNAs in the E and P sites representing an authentic elongation complex.
Amicoumacin a inhibits translation by stabilizing mRNA interaction with the ribosome.
Cryo-EM structures of the late-stage assembly intermediates of the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit
Structure of the Mammalian 80S Initiation Complex with Initiation Factor 5B on Hcv-Ires RNA.
Structural basis for the antibiotic activity of ketolides and azalides.
Resistance mutations generate divergent antibiotic susceptibility profiles against translation inhibitors.
Structural basis for mRNA and tRNA positioning on the ribosome.
Structure and function of Vms1 and Arb1 in RQC and mitochondrial proteome homeostasis.
Cryo-electron Microscopy Structure of the Acinetobacter baumannii 70S Ribosome and Implications for New Antibiotic Development.
An antimicrobial peptide that inhibits translation by trapping release factors on the ribosome.
Structural insights into peptide bond formation.
A crevice adjoining the ribosome tunnel: Hints for cotranslational folding.
Long-range interdomain communications in eIF5B regulate GTP hydrolysis and translation initiation.
Mechanistic insights into the slow peptide bond formation with D-amino acids in the ribosomal active site.
Unique localization of the plastid-specific ribosomal proteins in the chloroplast ribosome small subunit provides mechanistic insights into the chloroplastic translation
Structural basis for antibiotic resistance mediated by theBacillus subtilisABCF ATPase VmlR.
Cryo-EM structure of Mammalian mitochondrial ribosome complex with mtEFG2 and mtRRF
Cryo-EM structure of a late pre-40S ribosomal subunit fromSaccharomyces cerevisiae.
The structure of an elongation factor G-ribosome complex captured in the absence of inhibitors.
Cryo-EM of elongating ribosome with EF-Tu•GTP elucidates tRNA proofreading.
Cryo-EM structure of 90S preribosome with inactive Utp24 (state C)
Synthetic group A streptogramin antibiotics that overcome Vat resistance.
Importance of potassium ions for ribosome structure and function revealed by long-wavelength X-ray diffraction.
Structural basis of ABCF-mediated resistance to pleuromutilin, lincosamide, and streptogramin A antibiotics in Gram-positive pathogens.
Synergy of streptogramin antibiotics occurs independently of their effects on translation.
The Amaryllidaceae Alkaloid Haemanthamine Binds the Eukaryotic Ribosome to Repress Cancer Cell Growth.
Modification of 16S ribosomal RNA by the KsgA methyltransferase restructures the 30S subunit to optimize ribosome function.
Structural Insights into Peptide Bond Formation
The kink-turn: a new RNA secondary structure motif.
Cryo-EM structure of the RNA-rich plant mitochondrial ribosome.
Structures of the bacterial ribosome at 3.5 A resolution.
Ensemble cryo-EM uncovers inchworm-like translocation of a viral IRES through the ribosome.
Cryo-EM shows stages of initial codon selection on the ribosome by aa-tRNA in ternary complex with GTP and the GTPase-deficient EF-TuH84A.
Structural basis for plazomicin antibiotic action and resistance.
Regulation of the Mammalian Elongation Cycle by Subunit Rolling: A Eukaryotic-Specific Ribosome Rearrangement.
Structures of tRNAs with an expanded anticodon loop in the decoding center of the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Dynamical features of the Plasmodium falciparum ribosome during translation.
The Complete Structure of the Mycobacterium smegmatis 70S Ribosome.
Structure of the mature kinetoplastids mitoribosome and insights into its large subunit biogenesis.
Uniformity of Peptide Release Is Maintained by Methylation of Release Factors.
Structural basis of highly conserved ribosome recycling in eukaryotes and archaea.
Structure of trigger factor binding domain in biologically homologous complex with eubacterial ribosome reveals its chaperone action
Visualization of chemical modifications in the human 80S ribosome structure.
Conformational switches control early maturation of the eukaryotic small ribosomal subunit.
Structural basis for the final steps of human 40S ribosome maturation.
Structures of the human mitochondrial ribosome in native states of assembly.
Structural and Functional Insights Into the Mode of Action of a Universally Conserved Obg Gtpase.
Cryo-EM structure of 90S preribosome with inactive Utp24 (state F1)
Context-specific inhibition of eukaryotic translation by macrolide antibiotics
Crystal structures of complexes of the small ribosomal subunit with tetracycline, edeine and IF3.
Mechanism of ribosome shutdown by RsfS in Staphylococcus aureus revealed by integrative structural biology approach.
The structural basis for mRNA recognition and cleavage by the ribosome-dependent endonuclease RelE.
Mechanisms of ribosome stalling by SecM at multiple elongation steps
Inhibition of Eukaryotic Translation by the Antitumor Natural Product Agelastatin A.
The proline-rich antimicrobial peptide Onc112 inhibits translation by blocking and destabilizing the initiation complex.
Construction of the Central Protuberance and L1 Stalk during 60S Subunit Biogenesis.
Madumycin II inhibits peptide bond formation by forcing the peptidyl transferase center into an inactive state.
Structural snapshots of human pre-60S ribosomal particles before and after nuclear export.
Nmd3 is a structural mimic of eIF5A, and activates the cpGTPase Lsg1 during 60S ribosome biogenesis.
Structures of Mycobacterium smegmatis 70S ribosomes in complex with HPF, tmRNA, and P-tRNA.
MetAP-like Ebp1 occupies the human ribosomal tunnel exit and recruits flexible rRNA expansion segments.
Insights into the improved macrolide inhibitory activity from the high-resolution cryo-EM structure of dirithromycin bound to the E. coli 70S ribosome.
The Structure of the E. coli Ribosome Before and After Accommodation: Implications for Proofreading
Structure of Monomeric Yeast and Mammalian Sec61 Complexes Interacting with the Translating Ribosome.
Cryo-EM structure of the tetracycline resistance protein TetM in complex with a translating ribosome at 3.9- angstrom resolution.
Structure of RNA polymerase bound to ribosomal 30S subunit.
Protein Synthesis in the Developing Neocortex at Near-Atomic Resolution Reveals Ebp1-Mediated Neuronal Proteostasis at the 60S Tunnel Exit.
Structural insights into translational recoding by frameshift suppressor tRNASufJ.
Cryo-EM structure of the Plasmodium falciparum 80S ribosome bound to the anti-protozoan drug emetine.
Tautomeric G•U pairs within the molecular ribosomal grip and fidelity of decoding in bacteria.
Mutations outside the anisomycin-binding site can make ribosomes drug-resistant.
Cryo-EM structure of the small subunit of the mammalian mitochondrial ribosome.
A snapshot of the 30S ribosomal subunit capturing mRNA via the Shine-Dalgarno interaction
Activation of GTP hydrolysis in mRNA-tRNA translocation by elongation factor G.
Evolutionary compaction and adaptation visualized by the structure of the dormant microsporidian ribosome.
GTPase activation of elongation factor EF-Tu by the ribosome during decoding
A proton wire to couple aminoacyl-tRNA accommodation and peptide-bond formation on the ribosome.
Crystal Structure of 30S ribosomal subunit from Thermus thermophilus
The oxazolidinone antibiotics perturb the ribosomal peptidyl-transferase center and effect tRNA positioning
Structural insights into +1 frameshifting promoted by expanded or modification-deficient anticodon stem loops.
Loss of a single methylation in 23S rRNA delays 50S assembly at multiple late stages and impairs translation initiation and elongation.
Crystal structure of the ribosome recycling factor bound to the ribosome.
High-Resolution Cryo-Electron Microscopy Structure of the Trypanosoma Brucei Ribosome.
Structural evidence for product stabilization by the ribosomal mRNA helicase.
How hibernation factors RMF, HPF, and YfiA turn off protein synthesis.
Architecture of the Rix1-Rea1 checkpoint machinery during pre-60S-ribosome remodeling
Structural insights into species-specific features of the ribosome from the human pathogen Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Monomeric YoeB toxin retains RNase activity but adopts an obligate dimeric form for thermal stability.
Late steps in bacterial translation initiation visualized using time-resolved cryo-EM.
Cryo-Em Structures of Ribosomal 80S Complexes with Termination Factors and Cricket Paralysis Virus Ires Reveal the Ires in the Translocated State
The structure of the yeast mitochondrial ribosome.
Revisiting the Haloarcula marismortui 50S ribosomal subunit model.
Unifying the Aminohexopyranose- and Peptidyl-Nucleoside Antibiotics: Implications for Antibiotic Design
Structural basis for messenger RNA movement on the ribosome.
Crystal Structure Of Colicin E3 In Complex With Its Immunity Protein
A structural inventory of native ribosomal ABCE1-43S pre-initiation complexes.
Crystal Structure of the Oxazolidinone Antibiotic 
Linezolid Bound to the 50S Ribosomal Subunit
Structural basis for aminoglycoside inhibition of bacterial ribosome recycling.
Taura syndrome virus IRES initiates translation by binding its tRNA-mRNA-like structural element in the ribosomal decoding center.
Structures of the bacterial ribosome in classical and hybrid states of tRNA binding.
ArfB can displace mRNA to rescue stalled ribosomes
Structure of the quaternary complex between SRP, SR, and translocon bound to the translating ribosome.
Structural basis for the interaction of antibiotics with the peptidyl transferase centre in eubacteria.
A new understanding of the decoding principle on the ribosome.
Structural consequences of the interaction of RbgA with a 50S ribosomal subunit assembly intermediate.
Mechanism of Inhibition of Translation Termination by Blasticidin S.
Unique features of mammalian mitochondrial translation initiation revealed by cryo-EM.
Insights into RNA binding by the anticancer drug cisplatin from the crystal structure of cisplatin-modified ribosome.
Analysis of subunit folding contribution of three yeast large ribosomal proteins required for stabilisation and processing of intermediate nuclear rRNA precursors.
Crystal structure of elongation factor 4 bound to a clockwise ratcheted ribosome.
Dynamics of uS19 C-Terminal Tail during the Translation Elongation Cycle in Human Ribosomes.
Structural Insights into the Mechanism of Mitoribosomal Large Subunit Biogenesis.
Molecular recognition and modification of the 30S ribosome by the aminoglycoside-resistance methyltransferase NpmA.
Visualization of translation termination intermediates trapped by the Apidaecin 137 peptide during RF3-mediated recycling of RF1.
Structure ofPseudomonas aeruginosaribosomes from an aminoglycoside-resistant clinical isolate.
Ribosomal ambiguity (ram) mutations promote the open (off) to closed (on) transition and thereby increase miscoding.
Structures of triacetyloleandomycin and mycalamide A bind to the large ribosomal subunit of Haloarcula marismortui.
Structural insights into the interplay of protein biogenesis factors with the 70S ribosome.
Structural basis of co-translational quality control by ArfA and RF2 bound to ribosome.
High resolution structure of the large ribosomal subunit from a mesophilic eubacterium
Aminoglycoside ribosome interactions reveal novel conformational states at ambient temperature.
Alterations at the Peptidyl Transferase Centre of the Ribosome Induced by the Synergistic Action of the Streptogramins Dalfopristin and Quinupristin.
Distinct pre-initiation steps in human mitochondrial translation.
Crystal Structures of the uL3 Mutant Ribosome: Illustration of the Importance of Ribosomal Proteins for Translation Efficiency.
Structural basis of the ribosomal machinery for Peptide bond formation,  
translocation, and nascent chain progression
Cysteine oxidation and disulfide formation in the ribosomal exit tunnel.
Structural aspects of messenger RNA reading frame maintenance by the ribosome.
Expanded use of sense codons is regulated by modified cytidines in tRNA.
Binding and action of CEM-101, a new fluoroketolide antibiotic that inhibits protein synthesis.
Specific interaction between EF-G and RRF and its implication for GTP-dependent ribosome splitting into subunits.
Structural insights into the translational infidelity mechanism.
Structural basis for hygromycin B inhibition of protein biosynthesis
RqcH and RqcP catalyze processive poly-alanine synthesis in a reconstituted ribosome-associated quality control system.
90 S pre-ribosome transformation into the primordial 40 S subunit.
Structure of the hypusinylated eukaryotic translation factor eIF-5A bound to the ribosome.
Snapshots of native pre-50S ribosomes reveal a biogenesis factor network and evolutionary specialization.
Distinct tRNA Accommodation Intermediates Observed on the Ribosome with the Antibiotics Hygromycin A and A201A.
Recognition of cognate transfer RNA by the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Dissociation of Antibacterial Activity and Aminoglycoside Ototoxicity in the 4-Monosubstituted 2-Deoxystreptamine Apramycin.
Structural Insights into the Role of Diphthamide on Elongation Factor 2 in mRNA Reading-Frame Maintenance.
X-ray crystallography on ribosome recycling: mechanism of binding and action of RRF on the 50S ribosomal subunit
The crystal structure of the ribosome bound to EF-Tu and aminoacyl-tRNA.
Novel 3-O-carbamoyl erythromycin A derivatives (carbamolides) with activity against resistant staphylococcal and streptococcal isolates.
The complete atomic structure of the large ribosomal subunit at 2.4 A resolution.
Structure of a eukaryotic cytoplasmic pre-40S ribosomal subunit.
The complete structure of the small-subunit processome.
High-resolution structure of the Escherichia coli ribosome.
Aminoglycoside interactions and impacts on the eukaryotic ribosome.
The cryo-EM structure of a ribosome-Ski2-Ski3-Ski8 helicase complex.
Coupling of 5S RNP rotation with maturation of functional centers during large ribosomal subunit assembly.
Cryo-EM study of an archaeal 30S initiation complex gives insights into evolution of translation initiation.
How a circularized tmRNA moves through the ribosome.
Visualizing the Assembly Pathway of Nucleolar Pre-60S Ribosomes.
EttA regulates translation by binding the ribosomal E site and restricting ribosome-tRNA dynamics.
Structures of the Sec61 complex engaged in nascent peptide translocation or membrane insertion.
Dual tRNA mimicry in the Cricket Paralysis Virus IRES uncovers an unexpected similarity with the Hepatitis C Virus IRES.
Dynamic association of human Ebp1 with the ribosome.
A novel pleuromutilin antibacterial compound, its binding mode and selectivity mechanism.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic ribosome.
Cryo-EM structure of the highly atypical cytoplasmic ribosome of Euglena gracilis.
Mechanism of tetracycline resistance by ribosomal protection protein Tet(O).
Understanding the role of intermolecular interactions between lissoclimides and the eukaryotic ribosome.
Structural snapshot of cytoplasmic pre-60S ribosomal particles bound by Nmd3, Lsg1, Tif6 and Reh1
Cryo-Electron Microscopy Structure of the 30S Subunit in Complex with the Yjeq Biogenesis Factor.
Structural Insights Into Peptide Bond Formation
ArfB can displace mRNA to rescue stalled ribosomes.
The Halastavi arva Virus Intergenic Region IRES Promotes Translation by the Simplest Possible Initiation Mechanism.
Ribosome Interactions of Aminoacyl-tRNA and Elongation Factor TU in the   
Codon Recognition Complex
Architecture of the Rix1-Rea1 checkpoint machinery during pre-60S-ribosome remodeling.
Structural basis of sequestration of the anti-Shine-Dalgarno sequence in the Bacteroidetes ribosome.
Structural Basis for Regulation of the Opposing (p)ppGpp Synthetase and Hydrolase within the Stringent Response Orchestrator Rel.
Structure of the 70S ribosome bound to release factor 2 and a substrate analog provides insights into catalysis of peptide release.
Crystal structure of an initiation factor bound to the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Stepwise maturation of the peptidyl transferase region of human mitoribosomes.
Induced-fit tightens pleuromutilins binding to ribosomes and remote interactions enable their selectivity.
The mechanism of inhibition of protein synthesis by the proline-rich peptide oncocin.
Ribosome. The complete structure of the 55S mammalian mitochondrial ribosome.
The force-sensing peptide VemP employs extreme compaction and secondary structure formation to induce ribosomal stalling.
Structural Snapshots of Actively Translating Human Ribosomes
Domain movements of elongation factor eEF2 and the eukaryotic 80S ribosome facilitate tRNA translocation.
Coping with proline stalling: structural basis of hypusine-induced protein synthesis by the eukaryotic ribosome
Structure of the large ribosomal subunit from human mitochondria.
Alternative Mode of E-Site tRNA Binding in the Presence of a Downstream mRNA Stem Loop at the Entrance Channel.
Design, Multigram Synthesis, and in Vitro and in Vivo Evaluation of Propylamycin: A Semisynthetic 4,5-Deoxystreptamine Class Aminoglycoside for the Treatment of Drug-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae and Other Gram-Negative Pathogens.
Structural Basis for 16S Ribosomal RNA Cleavage by the Cytotoxic Domain of Colicin E3.
ZNF598 Is a Quality Control Sensor of Collided Ribosomes.
Selection of tRNA by the Ribosome Requires a Transition from an Open to a Closed Form
Improved model derived from cryo-EM map of Staphylococcus aureus large ribosomal subunit
Structural impact of K63 ubiquitin on yeast translocating ribosomes under oxidative stress.
Insertion of the Biogenesis Factor Rei1 Probes the Ribosomal Tunnel during 60S Maturation.
Mechanism for expanding the decoding capacity of transfer RNAs by modification of uridines.
The structures of the anti-tuberculosis antibiotics viomycin and capreomycin bound to the 70S ribosome.
Crystal Structure of Hypusine-Containing Translation Factor eIF5A Bound to a Rotated Eukaryotic Ribosome.
Structural basis of ribosomal frameshifting during translation of the SARS-CoV-2 RNA genome.
RbfA Is Involved in Two Important Stages of 30S Subunit Assembly: Formation of the Central Pseudoknot and Docking of Helix 44 to the Decoding Center.
Ribosome. The structure of the human mitochondrial ribosome.
Structure and assembly model for the Trypanosoma cruzi 60S ribosomal subunit.
Structure of the bacterial ribosome at 2 angstrom resolution.
Negamycin Interferes with Decoding and Translocation by Simultaneous Interaction with rRNA and tRNA.
Structural basis for inhibition of the AAA-ATPase Drg1 by diazaborine.
Structure of the GTP Form of Elongation Factor 4 (EF4) Bound to the Ribosome
Ribosomal Dynamics: Intrinsic Instability of a Moleculaar Machine
Mechanism of eIF6 release from the nascent 60S ribosomal subunit.
Architecture of a transcribing-translating expressome.
Cryo-EM structure of an early precursor of large ribosomal subunit reveals a half-assembled intermediate.
SARS-CoV-2 Nsp1 suppresses host but not viral translation through a bipartite mechanism.
Crystal Structure of a Bioactive Pactamycin Analog Bound to the 30S Ribosomal Subunit.
Ambient-temperature crystal structure of 30S ribosomal subunit from Thermus thermophilus in complex with paromomycin
Structure of a bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit at 5.5 A resolution.
Trigger Factor in Complex with the Ribosome Forms a Molecular Cradle for Nascent Proteins
Structural Basis for Translation Termination on a Pseudouridylated Stop Codon.
Structure of a 30S pre-initiation complex stalled by GE81112 reveals structural parallels in bacterial and eukaryotic protein synthesis initiation pathways.
Ornithine capture by a translating ribosome controls bacterial polyamine synthesis.
Ensemble cryo-EM elucidates the mechanism of translation fidelity
Structural characterization of an alternative mode of tigecycline binding to the bacterial ribosome.
Cryo-EM structure of the 50S ribosomal subunit at 2.58 Angstroms with modeled GBC SecM peptide
Macrolide-Peptide Conjugates as Probes of the Path of Travel of the Nascent Peptides through the Ribosome.
Structural basis for stop codon recognition in eukaryotes.
Structural basis of successive adenosine modifications by the conserved ribosomal methyltransferase KsgA.
Cryo-EM structure of the spinach chloroplast ribosome reveals the location of plastid-specific ribosomal proteins and extensions.
Mechanistic insights into the alternative translation termination by ArfA and RF2
Structural robustness of the ribosome inferred from the X-ray crystal structure of a 30S ribosomal subunit lacking ribosomal protein S17
Synthesis facilitates an understanding of the structural basis for translation inhibition by the lissoclimides.
Visualization of two transfer RNAs trapped in transit during elongation factor G-mediated translocation.
Importance of a tRNA anticodon loop modification and a conserved, noncanonical anticodon stem pairing intRNACGGProfor decoding
A complex IRES at the 5'-UTR of a viral mRNA assembles a functional 48S complex via an uAUG intermediate.
Structural Basis for Linezolid Binding Site Rearrangement in theStaphylococcus aureusRibosome.
Structure of the SecY channel during initiation of protein translocation.
Structural basis of GTPase-mediated mitochondrial ribosome biogenesis and recycling.
Structural basis of early translocation events on the ribosome.
Structure-function insights reveal the human ribosome as a cancer target for antibiotics.
The role of modifications in codon discrimination by tRNA(Lys)(UUU).
2'-O-methylation in mRNA disrupts tRNA decoding during translation elongation.
Structural insights into unique features of the human mitochondrial ribosome recycling.
An active role of the eukaryotic large ribosomal subunit in translation initiation fidelity.
The ribosome prohibits the GU wobble geometry at the first position of the codon-anticodon helix.
Cryo-Em Structures of Arx1 and Maturation Factors Rei1 and Jjj1 Bound to the 60S Ribosomal Subunit
4'-O-Substitutions Determine Selectivity of Aminoglycoside Antibiotics
Structures of the E. coli translating ribosome with SRP and its receptor and with the translocon.
The Roles of Ribosomal Proteins in the Structure, Assembly and Evolution of the Large Ribosomal Subunit
The molecular structure of the left-handed supra-molecular helix of eukaryotic polyribosomes.
Crystal structures of complexes containing domains from two viral internal ribosome entry site (IRES) RNAs bound to the 70S ribosome.
Structural insights into species-specific features of the ribosome from the pathogen Staphylococcus aureus.
The Dolphin Proline-Rich Antimicrobial Peptide Tur1A Inhibits Protein Synthesis by Targeting the Bacterial Ribosome.
Release factor-dependent ribosome rescue by BrfA in the Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis.
The cryo-EM structure of YjeQ bound to the 30S subunit suggests a fidelity checkpoint function for this protein in ribosome assembly.
Crystal structure of colicin E3: implications for cell entry and ribosome inactivation.
Conformation of methylated GGQ in the Peptidyl Transferase Center during Translation Termination.
The crystal structure of the eukaryotic 40S ribosomal subunit in complex with eIF1 and eIF1A.
Head Swivel on the Ribosome Facilitates Translocation by Means of Intra-Subunit tRNA Hybrid Sites.
3.2- angstrom -resolution structure of the 90S preribosome before A1 pre-rRNA cleavage.
Structural mechanism of GTPase-powered ribosome-tRNA movement
A structural basis for streptomycin-induced misreading of the genetic code.
Crystal Structure of the Hybrid State of Ribosome in Complex with the Guanosine Triphosphatase Release Factor 3.
The cryo-EM Structure of a Novel 40S Kinetoplastid-Specific Ribosomal Protein.
Yoeb-Ribosome Structure: A Canonical Rnase that Requires the Ribosome for its Specific Activity.
How the ribosome hands the A-site tRNA to the P site during EF-G-catalyzed translocation.
A structural basis for streptomycin resistance
Structure of the human 80S ribosome
tRNA Translocation by the Eukaryotic 80S Ribosome and the Impact of GTP Hydrolysis.
The structures of four macrolide antibiotics bound to the large ribosomal subunit.
Structures of proline-rich peptides bound to the ribosome reveal a common mechanism of protein synthesis inhibition.
Functional insights from the structure of the 30S ribosomal subunit and its interactions with antibiotics
An induced-fit mechanism to promote peptide bond formation and exclude hydrolysis of peptidyl-tRNA.
Crystal structure of the synergistic antibiotic pair, lankamycin and lankacidin, in complex with the large ribosomal subunit.
X-ray Crystal Structures of the WT and a Hyper-Accurate Ribosome From Escherichia Coli
Ribosome engineering reveals the importance of 5S rRNA autonomy for ribosome assembly.
Structures and stabilization of kinetoplastid-specific split rRNAs revealed by comparing leishmanial and human ribosomes.
Structure of the 30S ribosomal decoding complex at ambient temperature.
Elongational stalling activates mitoribosome-associated quality control.
Receptor compaction and GTPase rearrangement drive SRP-mediated cotranslational protein translocation into the ER.
The structure of the eukaryotic ribosome at 3.0 angstrom resolution.
Extensive ribosome and RF2 rearrangements during translation termination.
U2504 determines the species specificity of the A-site cleft antibiotics: the structures of tiamulin, homoharringtonine, and bruceantin bound to the ribosome.
Crystal structure of a translation termination complex formed with release factor RF2.
Cryo-EM structures of the 80S ribosomes from human parasites Trichomonas vaginalis and Toxoplasma gondii
Cryo-EM structure and rRNA model of a translating eukaryotic 80S ribosome at 5.5-A resolution.
Structural insights into ribosomal rescue by Dom34 and Hbs1 at near-atomic resolution.
